updated 1.7 migration guide to call out a behavior change (#4271)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/versions/00-upgrading-to-v1.7.md

dbt Labs is committed to providing backward compatibility for all versions 1.x, with the exception of any changes explicitly mentioned below. If you encounter an error upon upgrading, please let us know by [opening an issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/new).

### Behavior changes

> 1.7 expands the amount of sources folks can configure freshness for. Previously, freshness was limited to sources that had a `loaded_at_field`; but now, freshness can be generated from warehouse metadata tables when available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Core v1.7 expands the amount of sources you can configure freshness for. Previously, freshness was limited to sources with a `loaded_at_field`; now, freshness can be generated from warehouse metadata tables when available. 
```

> As part of this change, the `loaded_at_field` is **no longer required** in order to generate source freshness. If a source has a `freshness:` block, dbt will attempt to calculate freshness for that source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of this change, the `loaded_at_field` is no longer required to generate source freshness. If a source has a `freshness:` block, dbt will attempt to calculate freshness for that source:
```

> - if a `loaded_at_field` is provided, dbt will calculate freshness via a select query (previous behavior)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a `loaded_at_field` is provided, dbt will calculate freshness via a select query (previous behavior).
```

> - if a `loaded_at_field` is _not_ provided, dbt will calculate freshness via warehouse metadata tables when possible (new!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a `loaded_at_field` is _not_ provided, dbt will calculate freshness via warehouse metadata tables when possible (new behavior).
```

> This is technically a small behavior change comapared to previous versons. In order to _not_ calculate freshness for a source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a relatively small behavior change compared to previous versions. To exclude a source from calculating source freshness:
```

> This is a relatively small behavior change compared to previous versions. To exclude a source from calculating source freshness:

Author: ```suggestion
This is a relatively small behavior change, but worth calling out in case you notice that dbt is calculating freshness for _more_ sources than before. To exclude a source from freshness calculations, you have two options:
```

> - don't add a `freshness:` block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't add a `freshness:` block.
```

> - explicity set `freshness: null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explicitly set `freshness: null`
```

- The [manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) schema version has been updated to v11.
- The [run_results](/reference/artifacts/run-results-json) schema version has been updated to v5.

> - There were a handful of specific changes to the [catalog.json](/reference/artifacts/catalog-json):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are a few specific changes to the [catalog.json](/reference/artifacts/catalog-json):
```
